Added file extension recommendation (#212)
opengeospatial/geoparquet: format-specs/geoparquet.md

It is reasonable for implementations to require that one of the above `id` elements are present and skip further tests to determine if the CRS is functionally equivalent with OGC:CRS84.

Note: EPSG:4326 and OGC:CRS84 are equivalent with respect to this specification because this specification specifically overrides the coordinate axis order in the `crs` to be longitude-latitude.

## File Extension

> It is RECOMMENDED to always use `.parquet` as the file suffix for a GeoParquet file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED to use `.parquet` as the file extension for a GeoParquet file. The file extension `.geoparquet` SHOULD NOT be used.
```

> It is RECOMMENDED to use `.parquet` as the file extension for a GeoParquet file. The file extension `.geoparquet` SHOULD NOT be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED to use `.parquet` as the file extension for a GeoParquet file. This provides the best interoperability with existing Parquet tools. The file extension `.geoparquet` SHOULD NOT be used.
```
